Add WireGuard host2host and LB encryption (#19401)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/security/network/encryption-wireguard.rst

  WireGuard. This creates a bootstrapping problem where the connection used to
  update the WireGuard public key is itself encrypted with the public key about
  to be replaced. This is problematic if a node needs to change its public key,
  for example because it generated a new private key after a reboot or node
  re-provisioning.

  Therefore, by not encrypting the connection from and to the kube-apiserver
  host network with WireGuard, we ensure that worker nodes are
  never accidentally locked out from the control plane. Note that the Kubernetes
  control-plane itself is usually still encrypted with mTLS and that
  pod-to-pod traffic for any Cilium-manged pods on the control-plane nodes are
  also still encrypted via Cilium's WireGuard implementation.

  The label selector for matching the control-plane nodes which shall not
  participate in node-to-node encryption can be configured using the
  ``node-encryption-opt-out-labels`` ConfigMap option. You may disable this
  feature by using an empty label selector. Note that disabling this feature
  requires you to manually update a node's public key in its corresponding

>   ``CiliumNode`` CRD, as the node itself will be unable to do so itself.

Reviewer: Reading this paragraph, I found it not entirely clear that `node-encryption-opt-out-labels` defaults to `node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane`. On my first read, I thought that `node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane`-labelled nodes could never use node-to-node encryption (OK I missed the “By default” at the beginning, that's my fault), and figured that the `node-encryption-opt-out-labels` was a specifier for _additional_ labels to exclude.

Maybe just me though. Maybe just read this paragraph again, and see if it would make sense to specify that `node-encryption-opt-out-labels` defaults to `node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane` for the reasons explained above.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the feedback. Given that you are not the first to struggle with the semantics of the flag, it's probably not just you and the text needs some improvements. I'll try to address that.

Reviewer 2: I've updated the paragraph slightly to hopefully make it a bit more readable. No fundamental changes, but I hope it still provides a bit more clarity now.

Reviewer: Thank you, it does read better now

  because it generated a new private key after a node reboot or node
  re-provisioning.

  Therefore, by not encrypting the connection from and to the kube-apiserver
  host network with WireGuard, we ensure that worker nodes are
  never accidentally locked out from the control plane. Note that even if
  WireGuard node-to-node encryption is disabled on those nodes, the Kubernetes
  control-plane itself is usually still encrypted by Kubernetes itself using
  mTLS and that pod-to-pod traffic for any Cilium-manged pods on the
  control-plane nodes are also still encrypted via Cilium's WireGuard
  implementation.

  The label selector for matching the control-plane nodes which shall not
  participate in node-to-node encryption can be configured using the
  ``node-encryption-opt-out-labels`` ConfigMap option. It defaults to
  ``node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane``.
  You may force node-to-node encryption from and to control-plane nodes by
  using an empty label selector with that option. Note that doing so is not
  recommended, as it will require you to always manually update a node's public
  key in its corresponding ``CiliumNode`` CRD when a worker node's public key

>   changes, as the worker node itself will be unable to do so itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  changes, given that the worker node will be unable to do so itself.
```

Super-nit: repetitions on `as`, `itself`.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, fixed!
